hey guys Adam here from 360 mobiles to
give you a review of the cruiser light
intelligent wallet for the Nexus 5 now
cruise annoyed is one of the top android
theme case makers out there and this can
definitely be seen on this case on the
front you could see Andy sticking out at
the bottom right in addition to the
green and black color scheme the outside
of the case easily made up a very
durable material as there are no signs
of wear and tear after using it for a
while open this case up and you are
immediately greeted with a TPU shell
believe it or not this is the same shell
cruiser that uses for their normal TPU
cases if you look on the inside of the
case you can see it the wallet feature
crew chelate has included two pockets
for credit cards and a bigger pod pocket
for miscellaneous items such as catch
cash and tickets well not a ton of room
the case does give you enough storage
for the bare minimum of wallet items and
if you think about it cruiser light
didn't have that much room to play with
here as after all this needs to function
as a portable phone case putting the
nexus 5 into the case is super simple as
allfuck eight takes a couple of clicks
once in the phone is held in a snug grip
as I didn't see any signs of movement
now may be wondering what exactly makes
this case so smart is after all it's in
his name in my opinion it there's not
one but two features that makes this
case intelligent the first is a stand
turn the phone in landscape and move the
bottom half forward to see the stand in
action well not that flexible the stand
does prop your phone up for those times
that you want to watch videos hands-free
and coming from the days of the HTC
Thunderbolt I could tell you that this
feature is much appreciated the second
feature is automatic sleep and wake if
you choose to open this case you could
see the Nexus 5 automatically wakes up
and if you close it it goes to sleep now
I just found this feature to be awesome
as I really enjoyed it on tablets and
having it on a phone is that much better
in addition in addition a small magnet
flap does go around this case so when
you close it you're guaranteed not to
make any but dials as it keeps the case
closed
all the time all in all I have to say
that I really like the cruiser late
intelligent wallet more than I thought I
would I can definitely recommend this
case to anyone with that has
a nexus 5 that wants their phone to also
house some of their credit cards and
cash anyways guys thanks for watching if
you want to buy this case links are in
the description below thanks to Cruiser
light for sending me a review unit
remember to Like and subscribe and have
a good day